[MKC-1158] MKR zero tutorial import (#1340)
arduino/docs-content: content/hardware/01.mkr/01.boards/mkr-zero/tutorials/mkr-zero-garden-automation/content.md

---
title: 'Home Gardening Automation with MKR Zero'
difficulty: intermediate
compatible-products: [mkr-zero]
description: "Do you like home gardening but you've never had a green thumb? This could be the right solution for you!"
tags:
  - Automation
  - Gardening

> author: 'Benjamin Dannegård'

Reviewer: @BenjaminDannegard please update the name following our conversation :)

hardware:
  - hardware/01.mkr/01.boards/mkr-zero
software:
  - ide-v1
  - ide-v2
  - web-editor
---

Gardens are a way to contribute to contrast the global warming. Maybe you don't have a backyard, but you have a balcony or a windowsill, in which you could put some plants!

Of course you have to take care of them, and here I am. Even if you don't have a green thumb (like me), you can successfully grow plants thanks to this project: an HGA, aka "Home Gardening Automation" system!

## Hardware & Software Needed

- [Arduino IDE](https://www.arduino.cc/en/software)
- [Arduino MKR Zero](https://store.arduino.cc/products/arduino-mkr-zero-i2s-bus-sd-for-sound-music-digital-audio-data)
- Seeed Grove Moisture Sensor
- Seeed Grove - Relay
- Seeed Seed - Grove - Oled Display 0.96"
- Seeed Seed - Grove - Water Sensor
- Seeed GROVE - HIGH PRECISION BAROMETRIC PRESSURE SENSOR (DPS310)
- Seeed Grove - I2C Hub
- Arduino MKR Connector Carrier (Grove compatible)
- Arduino USB cable type A male to micro type B male

### Circuit

> This project is based on the Arduino MKRZERO, and few other Grove components ready-to-use; the BOM is the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This project is based on the Arduino MKR Zero, and few other Grove components ready-to-use; the BOM is the following:
```
